1. Collect ideas and define a business or social domain, where data science can bring a value
We've come up with an idea about exploring data from cryptocurrencies. 
We want to find, use and predict their values and maybe do a comparisson of multiple coins.

2. Ideas from searching the web
comparisson of the coins by: 
    a. Increase in percent over a given time (recent time)
    b. How many coins can you buy for 1000$
    c. How much money could we have gained if we bought the coins a while ago
    SOURCE: https://towardsdatascience.com/cryptocurrency-analysis-with-python-buy-and-hold-c3b0bc164ffa

3. Formulate context, purpose, questions, and hypotheses for data science experiment
    context: 
        We want to explore a selection of cryptocurrencies and their respective value change over time. 
    purpose:
        Show how much they can change over short amounts of time
        Show their change in value over time compared to a real currency
        Try to create a formula to predict their values given a date in the future 
        (we expect a large error margin, caused by their extreme swings, but maybe we can predict short amounts of time in the future)
    questions:
        What is the maximun change happend over a month period for the cryptocurrencies (Doge Coin, Etherium, Bitcoin)?
        How has the cryptocurrency values changed compared to USD (Real United State Dollars)?
        How will the cryptocurrencies change their values in the future? 
        What is the margin of error in our predictions? 
    hypotheses:    
        H0-0:
            Cryptocurrencies are unpredictable (due to rapid changes and seemingly unpredictable behavior (in graphs/plots))
        H1-0:
            Cryptocurrencies are predictable

        H0-1:
            Cryptocurrencies follow the values of Real currencies
        H1-1:
            Cryptocurrencies do not follow the values of Real currencies

4. Technology
    a. Select and install software tools and development enviroments
        We've selected to use LaTeX, Python(3) (with multiple libraries) and Python notebook, Visual Studio Code. 
        We've installed all these software products and integrated them with Visual Studio Code.  
    b. Create a github repository, witch will host all project components 
       during all stages of the development and implementaiton process
       